Add bun and netlify-edge builds (#143)
honojs/vite-plugins: packages/netlify/README.md

# @hono/vite-netlify

> `@hono/vite-netlify` is a Vite plugin to build your Hono application for Bun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@hono/vite-netlify` is a Vite plugin to build your Hono application for Netlify Edge Functions.
```
